What are we going to do now?
Ask the owner to order the emperor to hang
Acquire all the properties of the Chen family in Nancheng
Find evidence of lawlessness at all costs
It is Hanging Huofeng who searched the entire South City to investigate the map
None of the Chen family left me
They ended up in the hospital for me
Wait for me to clean up one by one.
You are the god of thunder
Guard the entire hospital
Who dares to save people
River Killing
Can't even let a fly out for me
Did you know to send us home?
Master, please answer the phone
Hello, Chen Clan Master?
I'm Zhao Tinggang, the guardian of Nancheng.
Xiao Zhao, what's the matter?
What's the matter with me, Chen family head?
Something happened to your son and wife
Life is better than death
fart
Who dares to touch my family in this world?
Zhao Tiegang, if you can't explain it to me
I don't think you want to be a guardian anymore